README.md, before:

# bus-mall
lab11 Codefellows 201 create a digital product test to evaluate consumer preferences

## update 01/27/2021
another great day !!! I implemented the local storage. After struggling with it for a bit here and there. I went back to the simple solution of changing the constructor function (4variables instead of 2), and setting 0, 0, infront of all 20 images.
What I learned was running the JSON parsed string array back throught the constructor function required to be dataFromStorageAraay[i].timesClicked,..... for all 4 variables as parameters to feed into the function.
I also made the check (dataFromStorageArray for empty) work (note as operator it needs == null - NOT =)
I also made the reset button work (I added another event listener, so that when clicked - it would delete the data and start at 0) YAY.


## update 01/26/2021
I woke up at 5.15am with an inspiration on how to display the results of the survey INCLUDING the images. Yesterday I had only compiled the results into a list `<li>` - I thought about adding them as bullet-images in CSS. I couldn`t figure that out but it led me to go back to basics. Just looking over my code on how we had displayed the random images in class. And then translate that to the results images. And it worked.

Then I continued on to implement the solution I observed TA Chance Harmon give to Matt Simms yesterday. Displaying content with the CSS property of display: none. And then changing that dynamically in JS through a button. define a variable that grabs onto the `id=buttonShow` and then `buttonShow.addEventListener` on the button. And in the function simply set the `buttonShow.style.display='block'`

I LOVE THAT. Having a new idea and following it. Until it all works out. Beautiful.

afternoon/evening: I added the chart with CDN chart, from class this morning, just had to push the image names into an array so it would be an array.
Then I added another button and styled it and implemented - either display the image-list - OR do the chart. Yay.
Then I added Tedd Knechts math check. Makeing sure that the 3 images are unique and new. Difficult task since I had to break up my math function. Got stuck and asked TA Nicco for help. Sout out to Nicco. What I learned - if you return sth from a function that is an array - you ll have to put that return value into square brackets !!!
Then I had to do it again to split a function - or better to say wrap the eventListener on the images into a named function so I could removeEventListener. - And it worked.
Then I made the li list elements display into 2 columns.
Finally I tried to implement a customer input for deciding how many rounds they want to look at images. Still working on.
Update - I just made it work. Had another typo in the ID to grab onto. Fixed that, made the counter work correctly, made the button disappear when done.... YAY.

Commit message:

added transition on all buttons

README.md, after:

# bus-mall
lab11 Codefellows 201 create a digital product test to evaluate consumer preferences

## update 01/28/2021
morning study of CSS transitions - I try it on the images the user can click. I notice the delay of the transition hangs up the image reload and I decide to take it off again. Instead I apply a gentle background-color transition to all the buttons - on the hover state and that works and looks nice.


## update 01/27/2021
another great day !!! I implemented the local storage. After struggling with it for a bit here and there. I went back to the simple solution of changing the constructor function (4variables instead of 2), and setting 0, 0, infront of all 20 images.
What I learned was running the JSON parsed string array back throught the constructor function required to be dataFromStorageAraay[i].timesClicked,..... for all 4 variables as parameters to feed into the function.
I also made the check (dataFromStorageArray for empty) work (note as operator it needs == null - NOT =)
I also made the reset button work (I added another event listener, so that when clicked - it would delete the data and start at 0) YAY.


## update 01/26/2021
I woke up at 5.15am with an inspiration on how to display the results of the survey INCLUDING the images. Yesterday I had only compiled the results into a list `<li>` - I thought about adding them as bullet-images in CSS. I couldn`t figure that out but it led me to go back to basics. Just looking over my code on how we had displayed the random images in class. And then translate that to the results images. And it worked.

Then I continued on to implement the solution I observed TA Chance Harmon give to Matt Simms yesterday. Displaying content with the CSS property of display: none. And then changing that dynamically in JS through a button. define a variable that grabs onto the `id=buttonShow` and then `buttonShow.addEventListener` on the button. And in the function simply set the `buttonShow.style.display='block'`

I LOVE THAT. Having a new idea and following it. Until it all works out. Beautiful.

afternoon/evening: I added the chart with CDN chart, from class this morning, just had to push the image names into an array so it would be an array.
Then I added another button and styled it and implemented - either display the image-list - OR do the chart. Yay.
Then I added Tedd Knechts math check. Makeing sure that the 3 images are unique and new. Difficult task since I had to break up my math function. Got stuck and asked TA Nicco for help. Sout out to Nicco. What I learned - if you return sth from a function that is an array - you ll have to put that return value into square brackets !!!
Then I had to do it again to split a function - or better to say wrap the eventListener on the images into a named function so I could removeEventListener. - And it worked.
Then I made the li list elements display into 2 columns.
Finally I tried to implement a customer input for deciding how many rounds they want to look at images. Still working on.
Update - I just made it work. Had another typo in the ID to grab onto. Fixed that, made the counter work correctly, made the button disappear when done.... YAY.
